Tweak/et 949 notice ecp rec tickets (#1873)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [5.0.4] TBD =

> * Tweak - Added admin notice when editing an Events Calendar Pro recurring event having tickets in classic editor. [ET-949]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Added admin notice when editing an Events Calendar Pro recurring event that has tickets in classic editor to warn about how tickets will act on recurring events. [ET-949]
```
